# A Reflection
*(Note: This will be a work in progress, probably until the end of the semester)*

I started this semester (Spring 2017) knowing next to nothing about artificial intelligence. I regarded it the way I regard things like rockets and Rubik's Cubes (and their [variations](https://www.quora.com/Complexity-What-is-the-most-complicated-thing-ever)); something unquestionably complicated and but also super cool. I also had only just picked up Java as a programming language the semester before, but since I had somehow, miraculously landed an internship for the summer in Java programming (at [Pivotal Labs](https://pivotal.io/labs)), I decided that I needed a way to keep improving my Java know-how. As a result, I proposed this independent study (an Olin Self Study, or OSS) in artificial intelligence to my instructor, Oliver Steele, who agreed to be my advisor.

The first few weeks of the semester were spent reading chapters from the renowned AI textbook, *Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach*, by Russell and Norvig, a book that I had chosen on my own. So it was entirely my fault that, although it was a helpful and thorough text, I eventually decided that it was too dry for me. Oliver, my fellow OSS advisee Dakota Nelson, and I met every Tuesday; every Sunday (since I had classes on Monday), I would cram two or three chapters' worth of work into my portfolio. Throughout the week, I dreaded the weekend, because I always put off the readings until then. After about a month of reading from the textbook and cramming, I realized that I hated how the OSS was going. But, as a friend pointed out to me one day, it didn't have to be this way. I wanted to learn about artificial intelligence, and as a student at Olin, what better way could I learn them than through practical application? This was when I proposed a change of plans to Oliver (who approved): I decided that instead of using the textbook as my main mode of learning, I would create a suite of games with accompanying AIs, and perhaps refer to the textbook whenever I got stuck.

### Tic-Tac-Toe
The first game I set out to create was tic-tac-toe. 
